The first step to installing and running python3 packages which is what 
Sabia is to install Python.
Sabia is a terminal application which means it must be run
in one of those black screens like you get when you run the command 
prompt in windows.

The first step to installing python is to open up Powershell. 
This is the command prompt for modern versions of windows.
Press the windows key then press X. You will see a little menu and 
it will have a list of options, you are looking for Powershell (ADMIN)
it should be the last one on the list or near.

Once you have the window up which looks like a blue screen with white letters. 
We will install Python and Sabia with just a few commands. A command
is whatever line of text you type in the window and press enter.
You may copy and paste the commands or enter them yourself. 
They must be typed verbatim. You cannot have typos or deviate at all.

####BEGIN SCRIPT########

Install-Package Python3

if after typing the above command you are asked any questions type a Y and press enter
continuing.

Install-Package git

now reboot your computer. 


Now you should be able to repeat the above steps to enter your powershell window. 
Type in the world git and see if the package installed correctly.
If it did not you will need to see this link.

https://git-scm.com/download/win

this will install git on your windows machine. Reboot and start the process again.

Win+X Powershell (admin)

now type in the commands as follows

git clone https//:github.com/jbhntr861/Sabia

cd Sabia
pip install -r requirements.txt
python3 Sabia

Sabia should start, if you get error messages at this point, don't be discouraged.
You should contact jbhntr861@gmail.com and copy and paste the error messages.
I will see what is going on and contact you with a solution to your problem.

Any errors that say "Module not found" means that you do not have the current module installed.
Say for instance we have "OpenAI module not found"
we will simply type

pip install openai

and we have solved this problem.
Any other errors you see will most likely be a result of Sabia not being able to use
the audio on your machine. It must have permission to use the microphone.


you should try this link
ms-settings:privacy-microphone?activationSource=SMC-IA-4558611

you should also open up your microsoft store and make sure that 
Windows allows python application access to your microphone.
Windows has a very difficult permissions system. Everything
in a computer system can be considered a file. Even the microphone.
There is a file on your computer somewhere that the program is trying to access
and it is not being given permission to read this file by Windows.

If you are still having problems after reading this tutorial then
email jbhntr861@gmail.com

Thank you for using Sabia. 
